much hi guys Matt back for photo user
reviews i'm here with dirt thank you for
your time thank you Doug's the
professional product manager for Europe
and yesterday I did my quick little
hands-on with the v600 I thought this is
a great opportunity to get the official
word and get a bit more of an idea of
how it fits giver the market so big
announcement people have been waiting
for it for a long time what are your
production capabilities how many are you
expecting the ship H month while that's
a good question question I can not
answer that is confidential al Qaeda
condition well what what I can tell you
that we announced 2600 los 3 yep and we
start shipping this week right hand we
do a considerably strong shipper yes we
expect if you want at this can really
kind of chem lay a hand on it very soon
yeah do you expect their waiting list
like the 800 head do you have an idea
this arm I hope this will not be as long
as you have to be waiting for the d800
oh it might be that especially in the
beginning they're so huge Rahman the
camera we already see that now but we
can ship many more cameras that we could
do the atomic
I think we will be able to provide the
past access to a market so speaking of
the past access to the market I can't
remember Cameron ever been announced and
shipped so quickly so I take it that
that extra time has been building up the
stockpile so you're Emma Watson now we
have prepare for and with pricing
between countries that's set by teaching
before your country is that it seems
that the variance between the 600 the
800 X vary a lot between the different
countries well those really depending on
exchange rates so it really also goes
along or sometimes your country's great
have prices which are the students out
when you have countries will because
including that would have what about in
countries as I say in the UK there might
be a number twenty percent difference in
price and then in another country a much
bigger difference in price would that be
because of our stock levels or something
like that well no I mean there are some
all week and subsidiaries there is a
certain price policy and
for sure but this is not connected
similar to top-level availability or
it's just certain price for the product
and so it should come out about the same
yes but we have this example if you have
everything which needs to be another in
terms of Texas insulin you should be
around the same price there might be
minor differences regarding you know
selling price which might be 19 or
something no local currency as well so
but not major major charms I guess until
it really is in the stores we won't know
what they're selling for moving forward
anyway so differentiating it from the
800 I think everyone watching knows the
specs of this back to front like I
probably don't know their partners
birthdays but they know all that the
specs on the camera how do you see the
market for this one being different to
the 800 who who's buying this and who's
binary hundred actually the nikah be 600
makes they are ethics were much more
accessible than for sample kids on the
property for not only in terms of
pricing because the huge gap between the
two
but also in terms of usability rough
older program shutter and aperture
priority and so on you know from a
little deeper but with the d600 you also
have important mode you have seen modes
which are much more helping for
enthusiasm people who want to dive
deeper into photography of side so this
system is really built to be more
accessible and open too much
and the sensor in that one is brand new
that hasn't been used obviously in any
other how how's Adam very happy about
color depth and ISO performance compared
to the other MX campus well this is
definitely is a huge before word we call
sample compared to the d700 which was
the most important of a fixed camera
hood so the dynamic range has been
blowing the whole daughter process in 20
times is that because of any processing
engineer due to the xp3 else or the
piece of modern engine of course and
this is
laser sensor technology to get the best
out of producing followed with
and so the the 800 to come out with the
a variant I know we can talk about
future models but was there a reason
they didn't offer any variant with this
one one of the main reasons is that this
is a model which is targeted d800e for
the very high resolutions was a very
interesting for professional
photographers we normally work with much
bigger systems as a medium freedom
systems because they need to capture
finest details and the BB version of the
th important classes even to get in more
detail and
with a PS which has been one
small thing on top too sometimes so then
comparing it pakistan to well would have
been in the 7000 or the d300s in terms
of build quality maybe suddenly similar
to them two thousand more actually if it
is someone would appear confident in
seven thousand for bold ceiling on the
same though some level as the d800 which
is seen as a prevailing second also
never see the dust ceiling is on a quiet
higher level the body itself is not to
fool magnesium alloy body hours we have
with you for some other coaches but
still if it's very rock those strong so
we have a talk and bottom cover and also
the whole system's well connected so to
say
that is very sturdy so it is closer than
closing the extra ceiling because of the
ACM but also the mess of peppery sorry
but still if you take it in your hand
it's not a real well thank you very much
for your time today I'm sure they're
going to sell out in any case I hope so
oh you're pretty confident about that
thank you very much thank you